Harrod buddy Tony Monaco jazz organist
and I'm here at George Smith music in
Anderson Indiana where my friend Lonnie
Smith longtime friend and great organ
tech the best I've ever known
has just completed a project that's been
a dream come true for me I love to play
the real Hammond whenever possible just
because it's the real deal and it has a
sound that everybody wants to try to
replicate and so Lonnie I called him a
couple of months ago a friend of mine
called me and gave me an a 1:43 but it
was unplayable the contacts were so
dirty I couldn't do anything with it but
it was a dream for me to be able to take
in a 100 take out the center speakers
and amplifiers and make it so that it's
a portable rig that I could go out and
play live with but yet not break my back
and not look so nice so this is a 1:43 I
brought it in on Monday and like I said
this is a dream come true because I've
really always wanted to do this and what
we did is Lonnie took the whole thing
apart and not just fixed it but actually
renewed this little organ all the bus
bars have been totally cleaned he went
inside where the contacts are and
cleaned out all that foam and then he
took the scanner rebuilt the scanner
oiled the generator personally wheel by
wheel and then we took the old preamp
tube preamp which is very nice but I
need reliability when I'm on the gig so
he put a track preamp in it so that it's
got a solid-state reliable three amp and
those new preamps sound wonderful by the
way thank you and it check out the rail
here I got right on the cheek block I
got bass treble I got my overall volume
and I can change my percussion volume on
the fly it's got it's got the trick
reverb built inside very stable but
still looks just like the a 1:43 on this
side of course it's a brand-new organ
all the bass contact
he changed all the felts put up felt up
stop felts here so that the keys are
really quiet unfortunately for me the
gentleman who gave this to me this organ
was never played so these tees are like
just out of the factory just incredible
and then we took out the speakers in the
amplifier in the front so Lani show them
this wonderful work that you did you
have braces your brother built these
braces for us so that it's stable when I
hold it around it's not gonna shimmy and
on stage it's gonna be very stable of
course mother Norma she did all the
finishing touches the woman's touch and
of course this couldn't have been done
without her brother Scott who worked
with the side-by-side each day to do
this so in two full days this project
was done including busbars
cleaned contacts cleaned out with all
that foam in there rebuilt scanner
totally oil generator put back together
cut out all the speaker's even painted
so it looks nice and easy of course the
back is open right now as I want you to
see how clean this organ looks and
couldn't have been done without you Lani
so thank you as I said you're the cat
don't finish that yet I want to thank
sandy for the great hospitality
beautiful steak dinner last night and by
the way this has 11 pin and a 6 pin
output so I could use it on a
traditional Leslie or some of the newer
Leslie so Thank You Lonnie I Love You
Man thank you so much